analysing the paper under title: Clinical Documents Clustering Based on Medication/Symptom Names Using Multi-View Nonnegative Matrix Factorization

like the text clustering notebook this paper focuesd on extracting valuable words from clinical texts and cluster the papers with same topic and we aim to cluster clinical documents 
into meaningful groups using machine learning algorithms.
This paper focused on finding symptoms and medications words specifically whereas we haven't defined any specific rule for finding these special words and we focused on extracting 
only nouns (further I included adjectives as well).
Nonnegative Matrix Factorization (NMF) is a common factorization technique employed in the paper and the notebook for clustering purposes. Both approaches use NMF to decompose the
term-document matrix and identify hidden topics or clusters.
The notebook and the paper both have preprocessing step: we cleaned the text from stopwords and punctuation and extracted the nouns and (adjectives)
but the paper extracted symptoms and medications.
to show our words as numerical values we both use TF-IDF.
we both use clustering evaluation metrics. While the paper uses Normalized Mutual Information (NMI) and accuracy for certain datasets, we evaluated clusters using visualization and 
topic word analysis.
so to sum up the similarities was the clustering objective, considering clinical text, use of NMF, text Preprocessing and having evaluation metrics
Differences:
Multi-View NMF: the paper use multi-view NMF and compare that to NMF while the notebook only focused on NMF . if we add the multi-view NMF this notebook will look much similar to 
the paper.other differences was feature extraction:
the mentioned paper extracts specific semantic features, such as symptom and medication names, using tools like MetaMap and MedEx to generate multiple views for clustering.but we 
focuses on nouns and adjectives from the text and we used simpler feature extraction techniques.
considering the datasets that we chose also points to another differences:
this paper uses two specific datasets from i2b2 NLP challenges (2009 and 2014 clinical notes datasets) but we used a smaller, less specialized set of clinical case report documents 
for general-purpose clustering. and also paper compares the result they obtained from these 2 different datasets together and they showed the differences in table 2 where they construct 
the sample-feature matrices.
the paper implemented advanced tools (like Stanford CoreNLP, MetaMap, MedEx) to preprocess and annotate clinical notes. They also handle negations and specific semantic features. 
like they didn't consider medication that have negative words before and after it. for example avoid, deny, cannot and post negation words like free. 
our preprocessing is more generalized, using Python libraries like NLTK for tokenization and lemmatization. we didn't consider which medical term to drop regarding the words coming before 
or after.
the clustering techniques: the paper extends the methodology to multi-view learning, enabling clustering based on multiple types of features.
but in the notebook we rely on single-view clustering methods (e.g., basic NMF and later Word2Vec embeddings).
Evaluation:
the mentioned paper evaluate the effectiveness of different clustering techniques (NMF vs. multi-view NMF) and feature types (e.g., symptom/medication names vs. words).
we focused more on visualization and qualitative analysis of clusters rather than extensive evaluation metrics.
